After some thought, I have decided to change the question and problem that I will be looking at completely. I was excited about the previous question, but I decided that a sentiment analysis was not really machine learning at all. Therefore, I am going to switch to one of my passions outside of school, soccer. In this project, I will seek to answer one of the most important questions of soccer, who will win the game. There have been many models and experiments done on this before, but I wanted to see if I could find unique variables that have not been studied before and incorporate them into a model. Since soccer is such a huge sport and so much happens in the span of the 90 minute match, there are an abundance of statistics on the internet. I will compile several differnt statistic on the Premier League, the British soccer league, from the previous season of 2019-2020. It will also be intersting to see if any changes will be seen in the model from pre covid games to post covid games. That ywould also be an intersting problem to look at: are there any changes in the significance of certain stats after the league restarted several months after the pandemic hit? I think I will try to to investigate this question as well. For data, I have found a Kaggle dataset as well as some websites that have some more advanced statistics ready for download. 

Here are the websites:

https://www.kaggle.com/ekrembayar/premier-league-match-reports-20192020

https://fbref.com/en/comps/9/Premier-League-Stats

As for models, I will conduct a variety of different ones in order to find which one performs the best. I will conduct a linear regression, a random forest, a boosted trees, and any other models that could possibly predict the winning outcome. The baseline for this project will be above 48% correct due to the fact that the home team wins 48% of the time. The data that I have has at least 45 columns, although I am still searching for more variables to possible incorporate. 
